29-year-old Ms. Meng is an office worker and laments the cost of salary after being out of society for 7 years.
Living in Taipei with limited time and saving money is not easy these days because
In fact, those who feel that prices are rising are quite aware, and everyone knows that those who do not have rising prices now have wages.
When it comes to saving money, what you can save every month is actually very limited in Taipei.
He is from Taipei himself and can save money on rent by living at home, but it will be deducted
There is also not much money that can be saved for living expenses. In fact, it depends on each person’s conditions.
Maybe I don’t rent a house. I think this is actually the case with other people who may have drifted to the north.
Then others, like everyone, you may be careful about being paid by you.
How much is it? Have you ever gone abroad? If possible, I will.
Changing mobile phones or other emergencies, etc.
Then I think it may be difficult to maintain this number and receive money every month this month.
Before washing the feet, people enter from the left hand and leave from the right hand. Lin Xing’s investigation found that
I feel that 46 office workers do not save money every day. Office workers have a higher burden.
Including meals, home loan, car loan, student loan, rent insurance
Female tuition fees and nanny fees are indeed rising as price inflation continues.
High rate
The height of 4 months seems to be fruit
The cost of Tomioka 22.620 will probably increase by 2
The rent part of the fence, he also looks 2.59 and pays off
The height of 28 years is indeed that I only feel that my wallet is good when I go to work.
It’s getting tighter. Why many people can’t save money? Financial management experts believe that everything is going up now.
Gao can't save a pot of gold even if he works hard, but turns into instant gratification
Is the income now limited? Do we have a lot of advertising information and a lot of information?
So I think income is limited and then unlimited. Then this is what I think our income is actually
In fact, the speed is very limited and cannot catch up with the price increase rate. Then the third
I and many of my clients have discovered that the biggest problem is that now we have to be members
Financial planning, such as buying a house, retirement, etc., is actually very difficult for many young people.
Instead of leaving the money for use at that time, it is better to enjoy it now
It is easy for my current desires to affect my long-term financial planning.
As for the other 54% of office workers who can save money, based on their average monthly salary
Judging from 030 yuan, an average of 128 can be saved every month
Language is quite consistent with what we call the 631 rule, which means there are three layers
Their salary is about 3 levels, which is what they can save for expenses.
Today’s office workers, because they also feel that prices are constantly rising, are energizing themselves.
Many office workers choose to work part-time to help themselves increase their income
A survey of the other half of love’s income also found that students generally want to help their families
Living expenses, whether it is eating out or living in a house, will increase accordingly. If your parents and elders
If your salary is true or false, it must be a college student himself.
Independent Friends or Shared Family Survey found that 68.4% of college students
What I saw before is still not enough, making ends meet and unexpected encounters 31.6%
20% point 1% is not short of money but has not saved any money 8.8%
Sheng can save 2.7 and even subsidize his family.
Now when I was in college, I had an office to accumulate more savings. When I graduated, in fact, you were
There is no need to be so panicked about not being able to find a job for three or four months.
There are four steps you can do on the East Road. The first one is that you must set one first.
This goal must also exist in my time, for example, after how many years old
How many numbers have been saved? The first one and then the second one actually have to change the order of spending money.
Do you save money after you spend it? In fact, the simplest way is to save it first
The third one will suggest that you can set an upper limit on the budget, for example
After fixing how much money to spend, I set a budget and then strictly abide by it.
Knights, like us, can also assist customers in planning and depositing some financial products.
The goal must be clear enough. If you really can't achieve much, you may have to find a way.
Kaiyuan TVBS News returned to Taipei very late for interviews and reports
If you want to see the most complete news content, remember to download the TVBS News Network AppThis is some extra text to be added to the translation!